Clarify 3d vehicle model sharing (#190)
FS-Online/Formula-Student-Driverless-Simulator: docs/integration-handbook.md

This is the bounding box of the vehicle (the part of the vehicle that interacts with the world)
The 3d models are not restricted to this size.

Teams participating in FSOnline can provide their 3d vehicle models to be used during competition. 

> If you want the 3d model to be public, you can create a pr to this repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want the 3d model to be public, you can create a pull request to this repository.
```
This might seem redundant, but I like to be explicit 😉
